0.6.2 update (#161)
dortania/OpenCore-Install-Guide: why-oc.md

Things to note with OpenCore's method is:

* OS Agnostic as the prelinked kernel format as stayed the same since 10.6(V2), far harder to break support.
  * OpenCore also supports prelinked kernel(V1, found in 10.4 and 10.5), cacheless, Mkext and KernelCollections meaning it also has proper support for all Intel versions of OS X/macOS
* Far better stability as far less patching

# Common Myths

## Is OpenCore unstable as it's a beta

Short Answer: No

Long Answer: No

OpenCore's version number does not represent the quality of the project. Instead, it's more of a way to see the stepping stones of the project. Acidanthera still has much they'd like to do with the project including overall refinement and more feature support.

For example, OpenCore goes through proper security audits to ensure it complies with UEFI Secure Boot, and is the only Hackintosh bootloader to undergo these rigorous reviews and have such support.

> Version 0.6.1 was originally designed to be the official release of OpenCore as it would have proper UEFI/Apple Secure Boot, and would be the 1 year anniversary of OpenCore's release as a public tool. However, due to circumstances around macOS Big Sur and the rewriting of OpenCore's prelinker to support it, it was decided to push of 1.0.0 for another year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 0.6.1 was originally designed to be the official release of OpenCore as it would have proper UEFI/Apple Secure Boot, and would be the 1 year anniversary of OpenCore's release as a public tool. However, due to circumstances around macOS Big Sur and the rewriting of OpenCore's prelinker to support it, it was decided to push off 1.0.0 for another year.
```

## Does OpenCore require a fresh install

Not at all in the event you have a "Vanilla" installation, what this refers to is whether the OS has tampered in any way such as installing 3rd party kexts into the system volume or other unsupported modifications by Apple. When your system has been heavily tampered either by you or 3rd party utilities like Hackintool, we recommend a fresh install to avoid any potential issues

Special note for Clover users, please reset your NVRAM when installing with OpenCore. Many of Clover variables can conflict with OpenCore and macOS.

## Does OpenCore only support limited versions of macOS

As of OpenCore 0.6.2, you can now boot every Intel version of macOS going all the way back to OS X 10.4! Proper support however will depend on your hardware, so please verify yourself: [Hardware Limitations](macos-limits.md)

::: details macOS Install Gallery

> We've tested many versions here at Acidanthera, and I myself have run many versions of OS X on my old HP DC 7900(Core2 Quad Q8300). Here's just a small gallery of what I've tested:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Acidanthera has tested many versions, and I myself have run many versions of OS X on my old HP DC 7900(Core2 Quad Q8300). Here's just a small gallery of what I've tested:
```

Author: Smh I am Acidanthera, *stop hiding the truth*

Reviewer: I am not Acidanthera smh

![](./images/installer-guide/legacy-mac-install-md/dumpster/10.4-Tiger.png)

![](./images/installer-guide/legacy-mac-install-md/dumpster/10.5-Leopard.png)

![](./images/installer-guide/legacy-mac-install-md/dumpster/10.6-Snow-Loepard.png)

![](./images/installer-guide/legacy-mac-install-md/dumpster/10.7-Lion.png)

![](./images/installer-guide/legacy-mac-install-md/dumpster/10.8-MountainLion.png)

![](./images/installer-guide/legacy-mac-install-md/dumpster/10.9-Mavericks.png)

![](./images/installer-guide/legacy-mac-install-md/dumpster/10.10-Yosemite.png)

![](./images/installer-guide/legacy-mac-install-md/dumpster/10.12-Sierra.png)

![](./images/installer-guide/legacy-mac-install-md/dumpster/10.13-HighSierra.png)

![](./images/installer-guide/legacy-mac-install-md/dumpster/10.15-Catalina.png)

![](./images/installer-guide/legacy-mac-install-md/dumpster/11-Big-Sur.png)

:::

## Does OpenCore support older hardware

> As of right now, the majority of Intel hardware is supported so long as the OS itself does! However please refer to the [Hardware Limitations](macos-limits.md) for more info on what hardware is supported in what versions of OS X/macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of right now, the majority of Intel hardware is supported so long as the OS itself does! However please refer to the [Hardware Limitations page](macos-limits.md) for more info on what hardware is supported in what versions of OS X/macOS.
```
